TDP-4004 GET conferences endpoint (#472)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/methods/conferences/getConferences.md

{% method %}

## Retrieve Account's Conferences

> Returns a max of 1000 conferences, sorted by createdTime from oldest to newest

Reviewer: Looking around the docs, looks like most places we write attributes like this. Also period.
```suggestion
Returns a max of 1000 conferences, sorted by `createdTime` from oldest to newest.
```

### Request URL

<code class="get">GET</code>`https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/{accountId}/conferences`

#### Basic Authentication

Bandwidth's Voice API leverages Basic Authentication with your Dashboard API Credentials. Read more about how Bandwidth secures endpoints in the [Security & Credentials](../../../guides/accountCredentials.md) document.

---

### Supported Parameters

| Parameter      | Description                                                                                                                      | Mandatory |
|:---------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | pageSize       | Specifies the max number of conferences that will be returned. Range: integer numbers from 1 to 1000. Default value is 1000.     | No        |

Reviewer 2: What you have is certainly fine, but looks like in the docs, the range specifications are pretty consistent. 
```suggestion
| pageSize       | Specifies the max number of conferences that will be returned. Range: integer values between 1 - 1000. Default value is 1000.     | No        |
```

| name           | Filter results by the `name` field.                                                                                              | No        |
| minCreatedTime | Filter results to conferences which have a `createdTime` after or including `minCreatedTime` (in ISO8601 format).                | No        |
| maxCreatedTime | Filter results to conferences which have a `createdTime` before or including `maxCreatedTime` (in ISO8601 format).               | No        |

### Response Attributes

| Property              | Description                                                                                          |
|:----------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| id                    | The conference id.                                                                                   |
| name                  | The conference name.                                                                                 |
| createdTime           | The time the conference was initiated, in ISO 8601 format.                                           |

> | completedTime         | The time the conference was terminated, in ISO 8601 format.                                          |

Reviewer: Worth adding `(optional)` here, to make it clear that ongoing conferences are also included?
(ongoing conferences are also included right?)

Author: Right

| conferenceEventUrl    | The URL to send the Conference events.                                                               |
| conferenceEventMethod | The HTTP method to use for the request to `conferenceEventUrl`. GET or POST. Default value is POST.  |

> | tag                   | A custom string that will be sent with this and all future callbacks.                                |

Reviewer 3: `this and all future callbacks` this seems copypasted from a verb. Please update this and `conferenceEventMethod` to reflect that this is what was set rather than a choice that they're making now

> **NOTE:** If the number of conferences in the account is bigger than `pageSize`, a `Link` header (with format `<{url}>; rel="next"`) will be returned in the response. The {url} can be used to retrieve the next page of conference records.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If the number of conferences in the account is bigger than `pageSize`, a `Link` header (with format `<{url}>; rel="next"`) will be returned in the response. The url can be used to retrieve the next page of conference records.
```

> **NOTE:** If the number of conferences in the account is bigger than `pageSize`, a `Link` header (format `<https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/{accountId}/conferences?pageSize={pageSize}&pageToken={pageToken}&minCreatedTime={minCreatedTime}>; rel="next"`) will be returned in the response. The header contains a link which can be used to retrieve the next page of conference records.

Reviewer: We could simplify the format example to something like "format `<url>; rel="next"` to discourage parsing the URL and just using it as is.

Reviewer: Maybe also point to an official HTTP doc like [RFC-5988](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5988) if that's the right one?

> **NOTE:** If the number of conferences in the account is bigger than `pageSize`, a `Link` header (format `<https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/{accountId}/conferences?pageSize={pageSize}&pageToken={pageToken}&minCreatedTime={minCreatedTime}>; rel="next"`) will be returned in the response. The header contains a link which can be used to retrieve the next page of conference records.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If the number of conferences in the account is bigger than `pageSize`, a `Link` header (with format `<https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/{accountId}/conferences?pageSize={pageSize}&pageToken={pageToken}&minCreatedTime={minCreatedTime}>; rel="next"`) will be returned in the response. The header contains a link which can be used to retrieve the next page of conference records.
```
Maybe?

{% common %}

### Example 1 of 1: Retrieve conferences using filters

{% sample lang="http" %}

```bash
curl -X GET \

>     --url "https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/{accountId}/conferences?name={name}&minCreatedTime={minCreatedTime}&maxCreatedTime={maxCreatedTime}" \

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    --url "https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/{accountId}/conferences?name=myConf&minCreatedTime={minCreatedTime}&maxCreatedTime={maxCreatedTime}" \
```
also I'm not sure that having parameterized accountId, minCreatedTime, and maxCreatedTime is adding anything. What if we fill in those with actual timestamps and a fake account ID?
